you
you don't haven't have like four extra
pens there my name is Rachel this is my
best friend darcy darcy this is death I
know I'm really were talking about him
for nine months ask Rachel out on a date
thirsty were just friends Brendan
escamilla him take off great I just want
to make sure you were okay oh yeah that
was the night I let true love slip away
now six years later she's having her
bridal moment yo Gator no I'm fine I
want to cry on the day so I want to
check my mascaras make sure it doesn't
run not yet so witty let's get one more
drink you don't have to i want to now i
remember where does i crush on your law
school how come you never told me how
you felt I'm sorry that was just it oh
my god
oh no it was just a big mistake we were
both really drunk I wasn't that drunk
what you're 30 you can't afford to be
picky thanks Oprah you were obviously
still so in love with me if people fell
in love based on similarities in the two
of you would be a couple you think I
should marry Dax cuz I do love him I do
I think the roles were reversed actually
wouldn't even hesitate what do you want
I want not to want him that's true have
you ever gone down a road made far down
and wondered maybe if it wasn't what you
want y de garça does Darcy when she
always has Rachel you deserve to be
happy you happy to help me write my vows
Darcy know what Wow
let's do a secret for every point Rach
why don't you do this oh she's not gonna
tell you I will oh you broke my nose